docs/index.rst, before:

.. Assetto Corsa Server Manager documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sun Aug 21 23:43:58 2016.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to Assetto Corsa Server Manager's documentation!
========================================================

**Disclaimer - this project is not affiliated with Kunos Simulazioni (the developers of Assetto Corsa).  Use of this
project is at the risk of the user; the author shall NOT be liable for any claim damage or loss whatsoever which may
arise or result from such use.**

Introduction
------------

`Assetto Corsa`_ is a popular motor-racing simulator for the PC and more recently for current generation consoles.  It
has a thriving online multiplayer community with hundreds of private servers each hosted by enthusiasts to race with
friends.  Running a private server requires substantial technical knowledge to host it, or you could pay a
subscription to a game-server hosting company; even so, managing Assetto Corsa sessions (configuring which tracks,
conditions, cars etc) using the official tool-set leaves a lot to be desired.

This project aims to simplify the process of hosting an Assetto Corsa dedicated server, provides a simple web-based
user-interface for managing the configuration of gaming sessions, AND can allow users to run their server for **FREE!**

.. _Assetto Corsa: http://www.assettocorsa.net/en/

Contents:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   overview
   server_installation
   assetOmator_installation
   server_configuration
   support

Commit message:

added credits to external projects

docs/index.rst, after:

.. Assetto Corsa Server Manager documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sun Aug 21 23:43:58 2016.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to Assetto Corsa Server Manager's documentation!
========================================================

**Disclaimer - this project is not affiliated with Kunos Simulazioni (the developers of Assetto Corsa).  Use of this
project is at the risk of the user; the author shall NOT be liable for any claim damage or loss whatsoever which may
arise or result from such use.**

Introduction
------------

`Assetto Corsa`_ is a popular motor-racing simulator for the PC and more recently for current generation consoles.  It
has a thriving online multiplayer community with hundreds of private servers each hosted by enthusiasts to race with
friends.  Running a private server requires substantial technical knowledge to host it, or you could pay a
subscription to a game-server hosting company; even so, managing Assetto Corsa sessions (configuring which tracks,
conditions, cars etc) using the official tool-set leaves a lot to be desired.

This project aims to simplify the process of hosting an Assetto Corsa dedicated server, provides a simple web-based
user-interface for managing the configuration of gaming sessions, AND can allow users to run their server for **FREE!**

Contents:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   overview
   server_installation
   assetOmator_installation
   server_configuration
   support

Credits
-------
`Kunos Simulazioni`_ - the makers of the awesome `Assetto Corsa`_

`Stracker`_ - extremely clever session tracking & timing add-on (installed by this project)

`MinorRating`_ - magical rating system for driver "cleanliness" (to be installed soon by this project)


.. _Kunos Simulazioni: http://www.kunos-simulazioni.com/main/
.. _Assetto Corsa: http://www.assettocorsa.net/en/
.. _Stracker: http://n-e-y-s.de/main
.. _MinorRating: http://www.minorating.com/
